Please read this document carefully.  This Waiver and Release Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made between you, the person who is signing the document below (which we will refer to as “You”), and Mill City Running, LLC, Mill City Running, Inc. and any of its employees, agents, insurers, directors, representatives, affiliates or assigns (which we will collectively refer to as “Mill City Running,” “We” or “Us”).  It is a contract between You and Us.
<br /><br />
You are voluntarily seeking to go on a run with Mill City Running.  We are providing you a benefit by doing this and, by signing the Agreement, you are promising that you understand and acknowledge the inherent risks of running, especially in an urban environment.  Specifically, you understand and acknowledge that we will be running outside and that there are conditions out there that could lead to injury, even a serious injury or death.  
<br /><br />
While We will try to be safe, You understand and acknowledge that it is impossible to keep You safe 100% of the time and that accidents may happen.  Therefore, by signing this document and going on the run, You are voluntarily assuming the risk of an injury occurring.  
Further, in exchange for the benefit of partaking in this run, You, by signing this Agreement, promise that if something does happen and You are injured, that You will not sue Mill City Running or those involved with the run.  In other words, You waive any potential right to sue and release Mill City Running and those involved with the run from any liability.  Finally, in exchange for providing the benefit to You of going on this run with Us without charge, You promise to be legally and financially responsible for defending Mill City Running and those involved with the run if You commit any act(s) that lead to someone else being injured during or any form of damages being suffered by a third party during the run(s).   
We want you to feel safe while partaking on our runs.  If you do not feel up to it or are worried about injuries, do not participate in physical activities with Mill City Running until you have seen a doctor to let you know if it is safe for you to do so.  
By signing below, you agree that you read and understand everything written above.  You further agree that this Agreement governs all runs that you will partake in with Us in the future as well.